# TDD Review In Java

## The red-green-refactor process

1. Write a test
2. Run all the tests and confirm that the last one is failing
3. Write the implementation code
4. Run all the tests
5. Refactor(Optional)
6. Repeat

## Test Kind

- Unit tests tests try to verify small units of functionality
- Functional and acceptance tests have a job to verify that the application we're building works as expected, as a whole.
- Integration tests intend to verify that separate units, modules, applications, or even whole systems are properly integrated with each othe


 
## TIP

### Use descriptive names for test methods

One of the benefits is that it helps to understand the objective of tests.
Using method names that describe tests is beneficial when trying to figure out why some tests failed or when the coverage should be increased with more tests. It should be clear what conditions are set before the test, what actions are performed, and what the expected outcome is.
There are many different ways to name test methods. My preferred method is to name them using the given/when/then syntax used
in BDD scenarios. Given describes (pre)conditions, When describes actions, and Then describes the expected outcome. If a test does not have preconditions (usually set using the @Before and @BeforeClass annotations), Given can be skipped.
Do NOT rely only on comments to provide information about test objectives. Comments do not appear when tests are executed from your favorite IDE, nor do they appear in reports generated by the CI or build tools.

### Write the test before writing the implementation code

The benefits of doing this are as follows: it ensures that testable code is written and ensures that every line of code gets tests written for it.
By writing or modifying the test first, the developer is focused on requirements before starting to work on a code. This is
the main difference when compared to writing tests after the implementation is done. An additional benefit is that with tests first, we are avoiding the danger that the tests work as quality checking instead of quality assurance.